PROJECTS/readme.md, before:

## Python Project Instructions

## Google Colab

Google Colab will be used by students to complete all assignments and projects

https://colab.research.google.com/

We will use the Colab code generation capabilities and also it's ability to explain code.

## Online Class Projects

Essential Projects to be discussed/completed in Online Classes. Check directory: 

online_class_projects

## Homework Projects

Homework python projects to Master your skillset. Must be practiced by all students in homework. Check directory: 

homework_projets

## Projects to be Submitted by Students

AI-101 students will submit the projects in the following form:

https://forms.gle/VPw9wnmt1j8e7bnb6

Project Checking: Your Instructors will check your project on the due date in onsite class. The due date will be selected by the onsite class instructors. **You will be removed from the class until you successfully complete your project and submit it.**

You are required to complete and submit the following projects, check directory:

projects_to_be_submitted_by_students

Commit message:

Added GIAIC students Submission Form link in Panaversity Python Repo.

PROJECTS/readme.md, after:

## Python Project Instructions

## Google Colab

Google Colab will be used by students to complete all assignments and projects

https://colab.research.google.com/

We will use the Colab code generation capabilities and also it's ability to explain code.

## Online Class Projects

Essential Projects to be discussed/completed in Online Classes. Check directory: 

online_class_projects

## Homework Projects

Homework python projects to Master your skillset. Must be practiced by all students in homework. Check directory: 

homework_projets

## Projects to be Submitted by PIAIC Students

AI-101 students will submit the projects in the following form:

**For PIAIC Students**  = https://forms.gle/VPw9wnmt1j8e7bnb6

## Projects to be Submitted by Governor House Students

AI-101 students will submit the projects in the following form:

**For Governor House Students** = https://forms.gle/CixPAnwR726zuosK6

Project Checking: Your Instructors will check your project on the due date in onsite class. The due date will be selected by the onsite class instructors. **You will be removed from the class until you successfully complete your project and submit it.**

You are required to complete and submit the following projects, check directory:

projects_to_be_submitted_by_students
